So let's go to our main series house here.
And as always all the way to the bottom right.
We're going to create more space we're here and I was going to say this is going to be projects like
this and then I'm going to say that for the project's title.
Right.
What would be the first thing that's going to say were here projects or here title text.
Because we're going to be changing different background.
So I would want to text to stand out right so we're going to give this black color superhero in some
sense going and we one nine or color.
And this is going to be hash tag 1 9 1 7 1 6.
So this is going to be black right now and then we're going to have for the actual project.
Right.
So over here right projects and they're all going to say we want.
First we say this is going to be 20 pixels.
We're going to zero and then we're going to be 80 pixels pixels or here and then we'll have zero in
here.
And then the background color and color over here we're going to say this is going to be hash tag.
And it's going to be zero.
And then we have to D-B to the right.
So you know this and then we need to style the products contain.
Right.
So we're going to say projects and then I'm going to say container right.
And this is actually class not a handy container.
I was going to open this one and we're going to say Max with an we're here we're going to say 90.
Right.
And you remember again what we're doing right.
So we're setting the whole container.
Right.
So those three items right these three pictures right now we're a huge they're actually living inside
there.
Right.
So we're just setting the whole with the whole thing.
So you worked on this and then we're going to have a margin of zero auto right.
So now I can see how we placed that actually in the center.
And don't worry we're going to fix the image it's not going to look like this.
Right.
And then we have a project item.
So here we're going to write project we're going to say item here and what should be the item.
And this is going to be a position to say relative that we're going to have a background that we're
going to have a linear back room right.
So we're great here.
And then again we're going to do the same thing on G.P.A. and this is going to be 0 0 0 0 0 0 and this
is let's say eight this time and again our G.P.A. and 0 0 0 0 0 8.
So something like this.
So now that we have this then we're going to go to cultural color.
I'm going to say that color is going to be hash tag again 0 e to be to be like this and it's going to
be the color then it's going to be overfull right.
And again we need to sell it didn't him so he can actually work with these properties that we want to
do.
And then last thing is going to be margin is going to be 10 pixels and that is actually making let's
say 20 light and 0.
Right so this is only so they are again not stacking up against each other on the smaller screen.
Right.
Once we're set with a project item Let's time to actually make the images smaller.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be projects and we're going to say image right.
And what should be the name module going to say first we're going to say with we're going to say 100
percent right.
So this is you can see right away how it actually got a Images right.
They're not as big.
They're sponsored right away when we have with 100.
Right now we're going to say Monheit also going to say 100 million like this then we're going to say
display.
I'm we're going to say this play block.
And the last thing that I'm willing to do is transition is transform.
So I'm going to say we're here to transition transform we're here and transform is going to again I'm
going to for four seconds.
Right.
Then for a actual image text or image.
And we're going to say text right.
What should happen right.
First this is going to be positioned absolutely right.
And again you right away you can see that we're going to start hiding right.
So position absolute right.
Then you're going to have a top say 50 percent.
Right.
Then we're going to have a left 50 percent 50 percent.
And then over here we're going to have a transform and we're going to use the translate property right
trancelike and we're going to say this is going to be negative 50 right and negative 50.
And this is the old school way of doing of actually centering.
Right.
And over here we're going to say text the and center right.
We obviously could have used a flex box but I just wanted to kind of show you what would be the old
right.
And we're going to say that we're going actually going high that we're going to say a possibly zero.
Right.
So now I can see that it's hidden and then transition and transition is going to be opacity Pasotti.
And again this woman was set for four seconds.
Right now we have this I actually need to have to work with a full length.
So again we're going to go over here.
We're going to say this is going to be image for her.
Right.
So class image for her.
And again what's going to happen here we're going to say display and we're going to say display flex
because we want to push them away from each other right.
And here we're going to say just different content space between right and I can see in every way from
each other with is going to be around 100 percent.
So with 100 percent or here this then you're going to have a position and we're going to take an absolute
position absolute.
And then we're going to have left 0 0 0 or so replacing it all the way in the bottom of the image or
image container and we're going to have padding of ten pixels all around then it's going to be font
size 20 size 20 pixels over here.
And then again we're going to say a is zero and CALLER 1 is going to be in the caller again is going
to be hash tag six.
Hey an F to e to.
Right.
So now that we have that transition again it's going to be capacity transition.
I see no real going to say for seconds.
So now we have this now we want to work with those image text and we.
Right.
So again we can maybe change this one for now.
Right so we can actually see this.
Otherwise this is going to take us we're not going to be able to see what we're doing right.
So for image text 1 I know what no one can actually this is when we can hide or just do this is only
two things or here I think you're going to forgive me for the fact that you can see what you are doing
font size or here we're going to say 30 pixels and then we're going to see margin bottom right margin
bottom 10 pixels.
Right so now we have this guy over here.
And then one for a image text six for heading six.
So I don't know what we should do.
Just copy and paste this or something like this 6 or here we're going to say font size it will say 15.
So something like this and margin bottom was going to get rid of God.
There's going to be no margin in the bottom.
And now we wouldn't want actually to resolve the fact that we can see them.
A project over here and we're going to see item and then we're going to have a hover effect.
This is when we're going out we're going to have hover image.
And what happens is we're going to have a capacity here and we're going to say 0.4 or this.
So for the actual image read the passage is going to change.
They're also going to have a transform and we're going to say this is going to be scaling 1.3.
Right.
So now we're working with an actual image.
And then the last thing that we would want to do as we're hovering we're right so we can just copy project
items were.
So copy this one pasted and then are really going to say this is going to be image text.
Right.
And then we're going to get this line copy this one in or here.
This is not going to be image text this is going to be Image footer.
Right.
So for both of them we're going to set up passively and we're going to save one life.
So now we say this over here you can see what happens right.
First of all you can see the images zooming in right.
And also everything is appearing only as I'm hovering right.
You can see the Nampa is in four seconds becoming one.
Right.
So the last thing that we want to do is actually set up again in response class.
So again if we don't want to write the whole thing right we can find it more with the shorter version.
Right.
Well actually that wasn't so and maybe Let's create one here and we're going to say or here that this
is going to be meteor screen.
We're going to say screen and no real going to say this is going to be men with.
Right.
And we're going to say 576 576 pixels.
And then what was going to happen.
We're going to go with year cause it out and then this is going to be there all right.
Or you know like this and then I'm going to have a project's container projects
container and then over here we're going to have display grid this play grid and then we're going to
have a grid template once grid grid or here template columns and this is going to be repeat.
Right so we're going to use again this available option right.
So we're going to be using a repeat.
We're going to write to.
And this is going to be one fraction of it so two times one for action and this is going to be for the
Gap grade Kahlon or year gap.
And this is going to be one.
And this and then we're going to have for the bigger screen.
Right.
So this is for the smaller screen.
So if go back or here copy and paste this.
And this is going to be 9 9 2 9 9 9 2 and then we're going to have the same thing display red right
gets cases going we repeat three and call them up again let's leave it at one right.
So this has got to refresh our agency right now it can have a project.
Right now you can see that we're hovering right.
We have the effect you can see that I had it over here so my colon and we managed him down so that was
pretty smart.
So now I have to go all the way back and actually fix this.
So here is the we don't want to see Michael and I know we're here.
And if we can back up and just fix this I might call and say this right and fresh and you can see that
if I'm going to make this smaller right as I'm making shrinking the screen now we have two columns and
if we go all the way to the small screen is going to be two columns.
But over here this is going to be one column.
All right.
And again you can always change the screen so you think would look better right now you know how but
I just think that this is full for these kind of props for these kind of pictures right and it's going
to look a little bit better.
And now we're done with this section and really to move on to next.